FAMILY FUN MEETING
BY THE FRONT DOOR, STAT!
(door closes)
"STAT" MEANS RIGHT NOW!
UGH. WHAT IS IT?
IGNORE HER, SHE'S BEEN
IN A BAD MOOD ALL DAY.
AND LUKE ISN'T HOME YET.
OH.
I'M RIGHT HERE.
WHERE WERE YOU?
THIS HOUSE STILL HOLDS
ITS SECRETS.
YOU'RE PROBABLY WONDERING
WHY I CALLED YOU ALL HERE.
(Luke) NOPE.
WELL,
STOP YOUR WONDERING...
WE'RE NOT WONDERING.
(door opens)
AND BEHOLD....
THIS WONDER!
(Haley) OH, MY GOD!
(Claire) WOW.
(Phil) HA HA!
AAH!
I SOLD A HOME TO THE ONE
AND ONLY PETE JOHNSON.
THERE'S ONLY
ONE PETE JOHNSON?
ONLY ONE WHO'S CALIFORNIA'S
TOP R.V. DEALER.
THERE'S 835 OTHERS.
NIGHTMARE OF A DEAL TO PAPER.
WELL, AND THIS WAS
HIS WAY OF SAYING...?
THANK YOU.
OF COURSE.
(lowered voice) HE PAID
A COMMISSION, TOO, RIGHT?
YES, AND HE TOLD ME I COULD
TAKE JOLENE OUT ANYTIME.
YEAH, I NAMED HER!
LET'S TAKE THIS DIRTY GIRL
FOR A SPIN UP THE COAST!
(Haley) YES!
(Luke) AWESOME!
PRETTY SWEET, HUH?
(sighs) I CAN SEE
WHERE THIS IS GOING.
THIS SUMMER--
YOU, ME, THE KIDS,
YELLOWSTONE NATIONAL PARK.
MM.
AND THAT'S JUST THE VERONA,
HE OFFERED ME AN AMALFI.
AN AMALFI, CLAIRE!
THAT MAKES THE UMBRIA
LOOK LIKE A PORTOFINO!
WELL, THEY SHOULD'VE
CALLED IT THE "ROAMIN',"
'CAUSE THAT'S WHAT
WE'RE ABOUT TO BE DOIN'.
I'M REALLY
NOT FOLLOWING YOU.
TEN DAYS ON THE ROAD
WITH THOSE KIDS?
WINNEBAG-NO.
I HATE IT
WHEN PHIL DOES THIS.
NOW I HAVE TO BE
THE BAD GUY WHO COMES IN
AND SQUELCHES
HIS BRILLIANT IDEA.
I SAID NO.
GET IT OUT OF MY HOUSE.
FINE.
COME ON, JOLENE.
FORTUNATELY, THIS TIME,
I DON'T HAVE TO BE
THE WET BLANKET,
BECAUSE EVEN ON JUST
A SHORT SPIN UP THE COAST,
PHIL WILL SEE WHAT I SEE
EVERY DAY--
THE TRANSFORMATION
THAT HAPPENS
WHEN OUR KIDS ARE LOCKED
IN A MOVING METAL BOX...
THE KRAKEN
THAT IS UNLEASHED.
I LOVE MY KIDS
VERY, VERY MUCH.
♪♪
YOU'RE POKING ME.
YEAH,
WELL, I KNOW, SWEETIE.
BUT I DON'T GET THESE PINS
JUST RIGHT,
YOUR BUN COULD FALL OUT
DURING YOUR ROUTINE,
AND IT COULD MESS YOU UP.
OKAY, LET'S TEST IT OUT.
ALL RIGHT.
JUMP.
GOOD. SPIN.
NOW GIVE ME BEYONCE.
(hums)
OKAY, I'VE DONE EVERYTHING
I CAN DO, IT'S UP TO YOU NOW.
WE HAVE A GYMNAST
IN OUR FAMILY.
YEAH, LILY GOES
TO GYMNASTICS CLASS.
IN ONE SHORT YEAR,
I'VE SEEN HER BLOSSOM
FROM A LITTLE GIRL WHO
COULDN'T DO A SOMERSAULT...
INTO ONE WHO...
KIND OF CAN.
YEAH, AND BY THAT STANDARD,
WE ALSO HAVE A BLACK BELT,
ART PRODIGY, AND PRIMA
BALLERINA IN OUR FAMILY.
YOU KNOW, WHAT WE DON'T HAVE
IN OUR FAMILY
IS TWO LOVING,
SUPPORTIVE FATHERS.
I'M JUST SAYING, SHE'S 5,
YOU KNOW?
AND YOU NEVER
LET HER FORGET IT.
EXCUSE ME, IS THAT
YOUR LITTLE GIRL OUT THERE?
IT IS.
AND YOU DID HER HAIR?
I DID.
DO YOU MIND
HELPING MY JULIE WITH HERS?
OH. OH, DO YOU GUYS OWN
A CONVERTIBLE?
NO.
OH, NO JUDGMENT.
YEAH, I'LL GET TO WORK
RIGHT WHEN LILY'S DONE.
♪♪
(song ends)
NOT BAD, THAT LITTLE LEAP
AT THE END--THAT'S NEW.
WOW. SHE'S GETTING
REALLY GOOD.
(lowered voice) YOU BETTER
BRING YOUR "A" GAME.
OH, MY GOD. CAM, LOOK,
LILY'S IN SECOND PLACE. 9.2.
I TOLD YOU SHE'S A GYMNAST.
WITH SCORES LIKE THAT,
SHE'S GONNA MAKE PRE-TEAM.
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
MM-HMM.
PRE-TEAM?
SHE COULD MAKE PRE--
WHAT'S PRE-TEAM?
CLAIRE!
PHIL!
HALEY!
LUKE!
ALEX!
GLORIA, WE'VE BEEN THROUGH
THE ROSTER THREE TIMES.
THEY'RE NOT HOME.
BUT THEIR CARS ARE HERE.
WHERE COULD THEY BE?
WHO KNOWS
WHAT THESE PEOPLE DO?
BUT MY BACKPACK
IS IN THERE, JAY,
MY POEM
FOR MY POETRY READING.
CALM DOWN, DIDN'T YOU BACK
IT UP ON YOUR COMPUTER?
WHAT KIND OF MAN WRITES POETRY
ON A COMPUTER?
YOU COULD'VE ENDED THAT SENTENCE
AFTER "POETRY."
(door opens)
COME IN
AND NO QUESTIONS.
(descending footsteps)
MY BACKPACK WASN'T UPSTAIRS.
WHAT'S THAT?
POSTCARD FROM A FRIEND
OF CLAIRE'S--RACHEL.
"LIVING IT UP
IN CLUB MED COZUMEL."
LOOKS LIKE THAT MARRIAGE
WENT DOWN THE DRAIN.
IN OTHER SHOCKING NEWS,
PHIL SUBSCRIBES
TO A TRAMPOLINE MAGAZINE.
GOING THROUGH
OTHER PEOPLE'S MAIL--
KEEPING IT CLASSY, JAY.
MOM, MY BACKPACK
ISN'T IN LUKE'S ROOM.
(singsongy) I DON'T SEE IT
IN HERE, EITHER.
I DON'T THINK
IT WOULD FIT IN THERE.
AY, THIS WAS OPEN
WHEN I CAME IN.
I WAS JUST LOOKING
FOR AN ASPIRIN.
(closes cabinet)
I THOUGHT THAT
I HEARD SOME NOISES.
SO YOU WERE SNOOPING?
OH, SO NOW IT'S SNOOPING,
WANTING TO KNOW MORE
ABOUT YOUR FAMILY
BY LOOKING THROUGH
THEIR PERSONAL THINGS?
NOT JUST NOW.
SINCE THE INVENTION OF THINGS.
IS THAT
ONE OF CLAIRE'S BROWNIES?
NO, THEY'RE DELICIOUS.
MUST BE CAM'S.
OH, NO.
DON'T WORRY.
THERE'S MORE.
NO! THAT'S WHERE
MY BACKPACK IS.
CAM DROVE ME AND LUKE HOME.
I MUST'VE LEFT IT
IN HIS CAR.
WHY ARE YOU SO SCATTERED
LATELY?
AW, HE'S JUST NERVOUS BECAUSE OF
HIS POETRY READING TONIGHT.
BUT DON'T WORRY, PAPI.
I AM GOING TO BE THERE
TO SUPPORT YOU.
I DON'T WANT MY MOM THERE.
I'M EXPLORING SOME DARKER THEMES
I'M NOT SURE SHE'S READY FOR,
POEMS LIKE
"THE UMBILICAL NOOSE,"
"A JAIL CALLED MOM,"
"SMOTHER NATURE."
SHE'LL JUST FIND SOME WAY
TO MAKE IT ALL ABOUT HER.
(seagull crying)
AND A TOASTY 75 DEGREES
FOR DAUGHTER HALEY.
(classical music playing)
YOU SEE, THE VERONA BOASTS
INDIVIDUALIZED CLIMATE ZONES,
CLAIRE.
MM.
I COULD LITERALLY TRANSPORT
A POLAR BEAR AND AN ORCHID
AND NOT MAKE TWO TRIPS.
(Claire) MM!
DAD, I'M FREEZING.
IT'S, LIKE, 1 DEGREE BACK HERE.
SIX MINUTES IN,
AND IT BEGINS.
HERE, TAKE THE BLANKET
FROM THE BED.
THANKS, KITTEN.
DAD,
CAN YOU CHANGE THE MUSIC?
CAN I?
(volumes increases)
OH, NO,
THAT'S JUST GETTING LOUDER.
THIS ISN'T GOOD.
IT'S NOT GOOD AT ALL.
ACTUALLY, IT'S KIND
OF PERFECT. RIGHT?
THE BIG WINDOWS,
THE CLASSICAL MUSIC.
IT'S LIKE WE'RE IN A MOVIE.
TURN IT UP, HANDSOME.
YOU GOT IT!
(volume increases)
♪♪
OBVIOUSLY, THE NOVELTY
OF THE SITUATION
WAS DELAYING
THE INEVITABLE.
BUT I DIDN'T WANT
TO GET HALFWAY
INTO A TRIP TO YELLOWSTONE
BEFORE PHIL DISCOVERED
WHAT MALEVOLENT HELLSPAWN
WE HAVE FOR CHILDREN...
WHOM I LOVE VERY MUCH.
♪♪
ALEX, HONEY, THAT'S
A CUTE SWEATER.
DOESN'T HALEY
HAVE ONE LIKE THAT?
OH, IT ACTUALLY IS HERS.
I TOOK IT FROM HER CLOSET
BEFORE WE LEFT.
REALLY?
OOH. SORRY, GIRLS.
DIDN'T MEAN TO START
A WHOLE THING.
I AM SO SICK OF YOU
ALWAYS LOOKING BETTER
IN MY CLOTHES.
WHEN DID THAT HAPPEN?
YOU'RE OKAY WITH THIS?
OH, YEAH, SHE CAN WEAR
WHATEVER SHE WANTS
AFTER I'VE HAD IT
FOR SIX MONTHS.
OH.
OR I GET IT AUTOMATICALLY IF YOU
BUY ANYTHING THAT LOOKS LIKE IT.
THIS JUST FEELS RIGHT.
HUH, TEAM?
MATTER OF FACT,
I WAS THINKING
WE COULD ALL DRIVE UP
TO YELLOWSTONE THIS SUMMER.
BUT I SAY, LET'S TAKE THIS
BEEYOTCH OCEAN-TO-OCEAN!
THAT'D BE COOL!
AWESOME!
WE'RE DOING IT!
(girls laugh)
PHIL, THE ROAD!
(tires screech) AAH!
UHH!
I DON'T KNOW WHAT BUTTON
I JUST PRESSED,
BUT THAT WAS AMAZING.
(panting)
MY BACKPACK'S DEFINITELY
NOT IN THERE.
WELL, THEY'RE NOT PICKING UP
THEIR PHONE.
HE MUST'VE BROUGHT IT INSIDE.
SORRY, KID, LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE OUT OF LUCK.
COME!
DON'T THEY HAVE
A BURGLAR ALARM?
AY, PLEASE.
OKAY, EVERYBODY,
SPLIT UP AND SEARCH.
JAY, YOU LOOK
IN THE BEDROOM.
I'M NOT LOOKING
IN THEIR BEDROOM.
FINE. MOM, I DON'T THINK
MY BACKPACK IS IN CAM'S BAG.
I WAS JUST CLOSING IT
FOR HIM.
I... HEARD A NOISE.
LOOKS LIKE THE GUYS THREW
A LITTLE PARTY.
I NOTICED, THEY BROUGHT OUT
THE GUEST SOAPS.
HOW LONG
HAVE YOU BEEN IN HERE?
HEY,
THIS IS THAT BOTTLE OF WINE
I BOUGHT PHIL
WHEN HE STARTED HIS COMPANY.
AND CLAIRE'S LIPSTICK IS ON
MANY OF THESE WINEGLASSES.
PICTIONARY.
THEY HAD GAME NIGHT?
BUT WE ALWAYS GO
TO GAME NIGHT.
SON OF A BITCH.
THEY SNUBBED US.
FOUND IT!
THERE MUST'VE BEEN
A DOZEN PLAYERS.
PEPPER WAS HERE.
BUT PEPPER LOVES ME.
OKAY, SHE'S ALL SET.
I DEFY YOU TO FIND A TIGHTER BUN
IN THIS GYMNASIUM. (chuckles)
LOT OF DIFFERENT WAYS
YOU COULD'VE SAID THAT.
OH, AND GOOD LUCK
ON YOUR FLOOR ROUTINE, SWEETIE.
NOT THAT YOU NEED IT.
(Mitchell chuckles)
THAT'S ABBY.
SHE'S THE BEST IN CLASS.
OH.
SHE'S OUR COMPETITION.
I'VE NEVER WANTED
TO BEAT A KID SO BADLY.
ARE YOU NOT HEARING THESE?
(clears throat)
NO? OKAY.
OH, LILY'S ON THE BEAM.
I'M NERVOUS
ABOUT HER DISMOUNT.
YOU SAID THAT SHE COULD
STICK THE LANDING, RIGHT?
YEAH, AS LONG AS SHE BREATHES,
RELIES ON HER TRAINING,
AND STAYS IN THE ZONE.
WE ARE TALKING ABOUT
HER STEPPING OFF A 6-INCH BEAM.
AND NOT FALLING.
RIGHT.
I HAVE TO ADMIT.
SEEING LILY DO SO WELL
BROUGHT OUT SOMETHING IN ME.
THE PRIDE OF BEING A PARENT
OF A CHILD
WHO WASN'T JUST PARTICIPATING
BUT THRIVING.
OKAY, HERE COMES
HER DISMOUNT.
STICK IT, LILY.
STICK IT!
(applause)
SHE STUCK IT!
MM!
WHOO!
9.4.
IF NO ONE BEAT
MY DAUGHTER'S SCORE ON THE BEAM,
SHE WOULD MAKE
PRE-TEAM.
SHE'D BE ONE OF THE ELITE.
(sighs)
FUNNY THING, PRIDE.
THEY SAY
IT GOETH BEFORE THE...
(lowered voice)
FALL, FALL, FALL.
(lowered voice) MITCHELL,
I CAN HEAR YOU...
ROOTING FOR A LITTLE GIRL
TO FALL.
IF I CAN HEAR YOU,
OTHER PEOPLE CAN HEAR YOU.
(gasping)
YES!
I DON'T KNOW WHY I SAID THAT.
I DON'T--I'M SORRY.
YEAH, HE DIDN'T MEAN IT.
I DIDN'T MEAN IT.
NO, UM, HE JUST
GOT CAUGHT UP.
AND, UH, YOU KNOW,
WE ALL KNOW
COMPETITION MAKES
PEOPLE DO CRAZY THINGS, SO...
LOOK AT THIS!
HER BUN FELL APART
DURING THE FLOOR EXERCISE.
HER HAIR GOT IN HER EYES
AND SHE COULDN'T EVEN FINISH!
YOU DID IT ON PURPOSE!
NO!
DADDIES!
I'M IN FIRST PLACE.
YAY.
THAT'S GREAT.
DID YOU OFFEND THEM?
ME? THEY LOVE ME.
CAN WE GO NOW?
I HAVE A POETRY READING TONIGHT.
AND SPEAKING OF THAT,
ARE YOU SURE YOU GUYS
REALLY WANT--
IT MAKES NO SENSE.
WE'RE ALWAYS
THE LIFE OF EVERY PARTY.
MAYBE THEY DIDN'T INVITE YOU
BECAUSE YOU'RE
A COUPLE OF SNOOPS?
OKAY, MR. GOODY TWO-SHOES.
A TRAIT NORMAL PARENTS
WOULD VALUE.
JAY, I THINK
YOU'RE RIGHT ABOUT HIM.
HE'S BEEN TOO GOOD LATELY
FOR A TEENAGER.
IT'S NOT NORMAL.
I AM AFRAID THAT THE WORLD
IS GOING TO--
OH, HELL, NO.
THIS IS TOO FAR.
LOOK AT THIS.
IS THAT SUPPOSED TO BE...
THAT'S US.
NOT ONLY DO WE GET
BLOWN OFF,
NOW THEY'RE MAKING FUN OF US.
WELL, I'M JUST GONNA LEAVE THEM
A LITTLE MESSAGE.
(pen cap clicks)
AS FAR AS I'M CONCERNED,
THEY CAN ALL...
(scribbling)
HA!
HORSE MOUTH!
THAT'S A GOOD ONE!
NO, "HORSE MOUTH"
IS NOT AN EXPRESSION.
YOU CAN'T GET THIS?
LOOK. DONKEY.
THAT'S NOT A DONKEY.
LOOK AT THE EARS.
OKAY, DONKEY MOUTH!
THAT'S A TERRIBLE GUESS.
THAT'S
A TERRIBLE DRAWING!
HELLO?
WE WEREN'T INVITED BECAUSE
YOU STINK AT THIS GAME.
AT LEAST I CAN DRAW!
EXCUSE ME.
JUST NEED A SIGNATURE.
YEAH, SURE.
(pen clicks)
OKAY.
(scribbling)
THERE WE GO.
(exhales)
THERE. THANK YOU.
YEP.
(pen clicks)
(clicks tongue)
THAT'S NOT A SIGNATURE.
YOU DREW A CAT.
THANK YOU.
♪♪
(sighs)
(Claire) PERFECT
FREAKING HARMONY.
THAT'S WHEN IT HIT ME.
MAYBE IT'S NOT THE COLD CONFINES
OF A MOVING VEHICLE
THAT BRINGS OUT
THE WORST IN MY KIDS.
MAYBE I BRING OUT
THE WORST IN THEM
WHEN THERE'S NO FUN-LOVIN' PHIL
AROUND TO NEUTRALIZE MY TOXINS.
I WAS IN A FULL SHAME SPIRAL.
(buzzing)
AAH! A BEE!
AND THEN SOMETHING
WONDERFUL HAPPENED.
I GOT IT!
(slaps)
OW! YOU IDIOT!
KILL IT!
NO, DON'T!
HAVEN'T YOU HEARD
OF COLONY COLLAPSE?
BEES ARE ENDANGERED!
OKAY, GUYS, STAND STILL.
THEY CAN'T SEE YOU
IF YOU'RE NOT MOVING.
IT'S COMING NEAR ME!
AAH!
DO I LOOK LIKE A BEE?!
NO, IT WAS
AN ACCIDENT!
WELL, SO IS THIS!
AAH!
EVERYONE REMAIN CALM!
I'LL JUST OPEN UP
THE DOUBLE-TILT SWISS SKYLIGHT
AND THE AIRFLOW
WILL PULL THE BEE OUT OF--
AAH!
THERE'S ANOTHER BEE NOW!
WE MUST BE NEAR ITS CAVE!
OH, MY GOD!
THERE'S SO MUCH STUPID IN HERE!
ALL RIGHT,
I'M PULLING THIS THING OVER.
(clicks lever)
THOSE ARE THE WIPERS.
CLAIRE, SAY SOMETHING!
(screaming and grunting)
KIDS, STOP, PLEASE.
HEY, THERE ARE DAILY FLIGHTS
TO YELLOWSTONE.
AAH!
YOU RIPPED MY SWEATER!
MY SWEATER, WHICH YOU
SHOULDN'T EVEN BE WEARING!
AAH! GET OFF OF MY SWEATER!
SHORT LAYOVER IN SALT LAKE.
ARE YOU REALLY
NOT GONNA DO ANYTHING?
OH, PHIL, YOU MUST HAVE KNOWN
THIS WAS GONNA HAPPEN.
I KNOW THAT TONE.
YOU'RE MAKING A POINT.
IT'S BETTER THAT YOU FIND OUT
WHO THEY ARE NOW
THAN WHEN YOU'RE HALFWAY
ACROSS THE COUNTRY.
(tires screech)
AAH! AAH!
WELL, I GUESS
I'M JUST A NAIVE BOOB
WHO THOUGHT
WE LIKED EACH OTHER!
OBVIOUSLY,
IT WAS TOO MUCH TO ASK
TO THINK THAT WE COULD TAKE
ONE MAGNIFICENT TRIP
IN A TRICKED-OUT,
STATE-OF-THE-ART R.V.
TO SEE THE SUN
DANCING OFF THE PACIFIC.
WHAT A HUGE ASK!
(buzzing stops)
(door slams)
(Phil) OW!
I CAN'T STAND THE WAY
EVERYONE'S STARTING AT US.
YEAH, I KNOW, IT'S THE WAY
WE LOOK AT PEOPLE
WHO WALK
WITH THEIR PET BIRDS.
THERE SHE IS!
HEY, GOOD LUCK ON YOUR
BALANCE BEAM ROUTINE, SWEETIE.
YOU'RE GONNA DO GREAT.
I'LL NEVER BEAT LILY.
OF COURSE YOU WILL,
BECAUSE YOU'RE A SUPERSTAR!
AND YOUR DAUGHTER'S A GENIUS.
I AM SUCH A FAN. SUCH A FAN.
(lowered voice) OKAY,
NOW YOU'RE OVERCOMPENSATING.
I HAVE TO!
YOU SAW WHAT A MONSTER
I WAS OUT THERE.
THIS--THIS IS THE EXACT THING
I ALWAYS HATED IN MY DAD,
THAT UGLY MACHO TESTOSTERONE
DRIVE TO WIN,
AND TODAY IT HAS FLOWERED
IN ME.
WELL...
NO, THIS ENDS TODAY, CAM.
I AM NOT PASSING THIS ON
TO LILY.
WELL, IT'S NOT ALL ON YOU.
YOU KNOW,
I'M BEGINNING TO THINK
MAYBE I DID SABOTAGE
ABBY'S HAIR.
I DIDN'T SPRAY.
I DIDN'T BEYONCE.
I BASICALLY BUILT
A TICKING TIME BUN.
WELL...
♪♪
(crowd gasps)
ARE YOU OKAY?
NO.
(crowd) AWW!
MY HAIR HURTS.
I'LL FIX IT.
AWW!
(Mitchell)
WE SHOULD FIND LILY.
DID YOU SEE WHAT
YOUR DAUGHTER JUST DID?
UH... LILY, DID YOU PULL
THE PINS OUT OF JULIE'S HAIR?
YEAH, SHE FELL.
OH.
OKAY, UM...
I--COULD I GET EVERYONE'S
ATTENTION FOR JUST A MOMENT?
WE CONSIDER
WHAT OUR DAUGHTER JUST DID
TO BE AN EMBARRASSMENT
TO THE SPORT OF GYMNASTICS.
I ASSURE YOU,
SHE DID NOT LEARN THIS FROM US.
AND AS FAR AS WE ARE CONCERNED,
THAT IS A SIGN OF WEAKNESS...
NOT THE WAY A WINNER BEHAVES,
BUT THE WAY...
(both) A LOSER BEHAVES.
COME ON, LILY.
LET'S GET YOUR GRIPS
AND TIGER PAWS.
YOU'RE GOING TO A TIME-OUT.
YEAH.
A NICE LONG ONE.
I MADE PRE-TEAM, AND MY DADDIES
GET TO WATCH FROM OUTSIDE.
(lowered voice)
NO CLOSER THAN 100 FEET.
BUT WE'RE APPEALING.
YAY! (normal voice)
YAY, LILY! (laughs)
KILL THE CHICKEN!
CHICKEN FINGERS!
PIGEON MAN!
(chuckles) "PIGEON MAN."
"PIGEON MAN"!
YOU SEE, TONY, IT'S NOT ME.
WOULD YOU INVITE HER
TO GAME NIGHT?
I'M GONNA GO NOW.
THEY'RE KINDA STICKLERS ABOUT
THE NEXT-DAY DELIVERY THING.
BIRD IN THE HAND!
THERE YOU GO.
ANY SLOWER, SHE'D BE
THE U.S. MAIL, AM I RIGHT?
(chuckles) THAT'S GONNA KILL
AT THE WAREHOUSE.
YOU SEE?
YOU ARE THE PROBLEM.
EXCEPT YOU CHEATED.
I SAW YOU LOOK AT THE PAPER.
I KNEW IT.
YOU'RE NO BETTER.
ALL THE SCREAMING
AND BULLYING.
THE QUESTION ISN'T WHY
YOU TWO WEREN'T INVITED.
IT'S
WHY YOU'RE EVER INVITED.
AND BY THE WAY,
THIS ISN'T EVEN ABOUT YOU.
"TREASURE... CHEST."
NOW CAN WE CLEAN
THIS PLACE UP AND GO?
(sighs)
(gasps softly)
FUNNY STORY.
MY MOM AND JAY WERE INVITED.
CAM GAVE ME THE INVITATION
AT SCHOOL,
AND I FORGOT ABOUT IT.
BUT HOW COULD I TELL THEM
RIGHT AFTER I'D SHAMED THEM?
I HAD TO COVER MY TRACKS.
IT'S TRUE, JAY.
I CHEATED.
I CHEAT A LITTLE BIT EVERY TIME
THAT WE COME TO THE GAME NIGHT.
I THINK MITCH SAW ME
THE LAST TIME,
AND THAT'S WHY THEY DON'T WANT
TO PLAY WITH US ANYMORE.
BUT WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT?
I DON'T KNOW!
MAYBE BECAUSE I DON'T WANT YOU
TO THINK THAT I AM NOT SMART.
I WOULD NEVER
THINK THAT.
AND BESIDES,
IT'S MY FAULT, ANYWAY.
THE KID IS RIGHT.
I'M TOO COMPETITIVE.
LOST A GAME OF YAHTZEE ONCE.
THE DICE ARE STILL ON THE WALL.
YEAH, BUT AT LEAST
YOU'RE NOT A CHEATER.
I FEEL LIKE
SUCH A DONKEY MOUTH.
GUYS, THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU SHOULD KNOW.
IT'S TRIVIAL PURSUIT NIGHT
AT MOM'S CHURCH.
I HATE FOR YOU TO MISS
MY POETRY READING,
BUT MAYBE YOU COULD
HEAD DOWN THERE,
WORK ON YOUR SPORTSMANSHIP,
AND YOU WILL FEEL BETTER
ABOUT YOURSELVES.
ARE YOU SURE YOU'RE GOING
TO BE OKAY WITHOUT ME THERE?
YES, MOTHER.
MOTHER, I'LL BE IN THE CAR.
(door opens and closes)
I GET THIS DAMN COMPETITIVE
STREAK FROM MY OLD MAN.
IT'S A MIRACLE I DIDN'T PASS
IT DOWN TO MITCHELL.
I LOVE THAT WE CAN BLAME
OUR PARENTS.
MY MOTHER WAS THE BIGGEST
CHEATER I'VE EVER KNOWN.
AND SHE USED TO SNOOP
ON EVERYTHING THAT WE DID.
AY. JAY, LOOK AT THIS.
OUR INVITATION.
THEY MUST HAVE FORGOT
TO GIVE IT TO US.
NO. I CHECKED THIS BAG
WHEN WE GOT HERE,
AND IT WASN'T THERE.
WHY ARE
YOU ALWAYS--
YOU KNOW I HAVE A PROBLEM.
THIS WAS MANNY.
HE FORGOT TO GIVE IT TO US,
AND THEN HE CAME
AND TRIED TO SNEAK IT IN THERE.
WHY WOULDN'T HE JUST TELL US?
MAYBE BECAUSE HE DOESN'T WANT US
TO GO TO THE READING.
THAT'S WHY HE WAS
TALKING ABOUT THE CHURCH
AND THE GAME.
HE WAS WORKING US.
GUESS HE'S NOT TOO MUCH
OF A GOODY TWO-SHOES.
NO. HE'S A LYING,
SCHEMING LITTLE SNEAK.
THAT'S MY SON.
OUR SON.
(giggles)
I'VE NEVER SEEN DAD FREAK OUT
LIKE THAT BEFORE.
I FEEL TERRIBLE.
OH, IT'S PARTLY MY FAULT.
I GOADED YOU GUYS
INTO A FIGHT TO PROVE A POINT.
WHY DO I ALWAYS
HAVE TO WIN?
HOW DID I GET THIS WAY?
(footsteps approaching,
seagulls crying)
THAT YOU?
YEAH.
YOU?
YEP.
HOW MANY KIDS IN YOURS?
FELT LIKE 30.
I GOT FOUR.
BUT I'M THINKING OF EMANCIPATING
TWO OF THEM EARLY.
TELL ME ONE OF YOU HAS
CIGARETTES OR A FLASK.
SORRY, BUDDY.
(clicks tongue)
I'VE BEEN THROUGH EVERY STATE--
DEPRESSED, CATATONIC,
ARKANSAS.
I CONSIDERED
FAKING MY OWN DEATH
IN BRYCE CANYON
NATIONAL PARK.
HAVE YOU BEEN?
NOT TO BE MISSED.
I'M GONNA MISS IT.
I'M MISSING EVERY BIT OF IT.
I'M NOT SPENDING
ANOTHER SECOND
IN THAT ROLLING ASYLUM.
POOR GUY. HOW LONG
YOU BEEN ON THE ROAD?
COUPLE WEEKS?
COUPLE DAYS?
DAD'S IN THE MIDDLE
OF A SUPER-SAD DUDE HUG.
WE REALLY
DISAPPOINTED HIM.
YEAH, MAYBE WE SHOULD
JUST SUCK IT UP
AND GO TO JELLYSTONE
THIS SUMMER.
WAIT,
THAT'S WHY DAD GOT THIS THING?
I-I CAN'T GO ON A TRIP
THIS SUMMER.
WHY?
I'VE...
(sighs)
I'VE GOT STUFF.
HUH?
NO, WHAT STUFF?
I DON'T WANT TO
TALK ABOUT IT.
LUKE.
SUMMER SCHOOL.
I'M FAILING PRE-ALGEBRA.
WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY
SOMETHING?
(sighs) I DON'T KNOW.
I FEEL STUPID.
YOU KNOW
WHAT IT'S LIKE TO FOLLOW HER?
ALL THE TEACHERS
LOOK AT ME
AND THINK THAT I'M SOME KIND OF
IRRATIONAL REMAINDER.
DID I USE THAT RIGHT?
NO.
DANG IT.
BUT WHY DIDN'T YOU ASK ME?
I WOULD'VE TUTORED YOU.
I TRIED, BUT YOU WERE
ALWAYS OFF IN YOUR ROOM
OR SOME CORNER OF THE HOUSE
ON THE PHONE.
YEAH, WHO HAVE YOU BEEN
TALKING TO SO MUCH LATELY?
AARON?
WHO'S AARON?
ACTUALLY, IT'S TWO BOYS,
AARON AND ALEX.
OH, TWO BOYS.
A BOY NAMED ALEX
LIKES YOU?
YEAH, I KNOW IT'S WEIRD.
BUT MY FRIEND ANDY WITH AN "I"--
SHE'S A GIRL--
ALSO LIKED ALEX.
THE BOY?
YES, THE BOY, I DON'T REFER
TO MYSELF IN THE THIRD PERSON.
I THOUGHT
AARON WAS THE THIRD PERSON.
ANYWAY, I THOUGHT I WAS COOL
JUGGLING TWO BOYS AT ONCE,
BUT... (sighs)
THEY BOTH ENDED UP
DUMPING ME ON THE SAME DAY.
(gasps)
SWEETIE, THAT'S AWFUL.
HOW DID I NOT KNOW
THIS WAS HAPPENING?
YOU'VE BEEN
REALLY BUSY LATELY,
LIKE WITH FLIPPING
THAT HOUSE.
AND PLUS I DIDN'T REALLY
WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT,
BECAUSE IT'S KIND OF
EMBARRASSING.
NOT AS EMBARRASSING
AS FAILING A CLASS
THAT STARTS WITH "PRE."
BABY...
YOU GUYS WANNA FEEL BETTER?
(purse thuds)
I AUDITIONED TO BE
A LAKER GIRL THIS MORNING.
(gasps) WHAT? YOU DID?
NO WAY.
I TOOK ALL THOSE DANCE CLASSES
WHEN I WAS YOUNGER,
AND, I DON'T KNOW,
I'VE BEEN TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT I WANT TO DO
WITH MY LIFE,
SO I SAW ONLINE THAT
THERE WERE OPEN TRYOUTS,
SO I WENT DOWN THERE.
AND?
I'M THE NEW HEAD LAKER GIRL,
MOM.
IT WAS A DISASTER.
I WAS THE WORST ONE THERE.
I COULDN'T EVEN GET
THROUGH MY ROUTINE.
OH...
YOU HAVE A ROUTINE?
PAT, HEATH, YOU GUYS
HAVE GIVEN ME THE COURAGE
TO GO BACK IN THERE,
STAND UP TO MY WIFE,
AND TELL HER
SHE WAS RIGHT ALL ALONG.
HAPPY TRAILS, PHIL.
HEATH?
I MIGHT JUST STAY HERE
A WHILE.
PHIL, PHIL,
I HAVE TO SHOW YOU SOMETHING.
DON'T GLOAT.
I GET IT.
I KEEP TRYING TO PUSH
THIS FAMILY CLOSER TOGETHER,
BUT THEY NEED THEIR SPACE.
NO, NO, NO,
WE HAVE TOO MUCH SPACE.
BEING IN TRAPPED IN ONE ROOM
HAS FORCED US
TO ACTUALLY
TALK TO ONE ANOTHER,
AND I HAVE FOUND OUT
SOME INCREDIBLE THINGS
ABOUT OUR KIDS.
WAIT,
INCREDIBLE GOOD?
(exhales) YOU TELL ME.
(dance music)
OH, MY GOD.
DREAM COME TRUE!
I DON'T EVEN NEED CONTEXT!
YEAH!
(high-pitched voice)
WHAT IS THIS?!
SO OUR TRIP'S BACK ON?
WE'RE IN IF JOLENE'S IN.
COME ON. DO IT!
YEAH!
(laughs)
OH! WHY CAN'T I GET THIS?
YOU JUST GOTTA FOCUS.
CLEAR YOUR MIND.
LOOSEN UP, GET IN THE ZONE,
YOU KNOW THIS.
OKAY, WE'RE GONNA WALK
THROUGH THIS TOGETHER,
STEP BY STEP.
FIVE, SIX, SEVEN, EIGHT...
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR,
56.1 PLUS OR MINUS 8.25.
THAT'S THE FIRST ONE.
ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR,
FIVE, SIX, TWO, FIVE--
OKAY, NUMBER 2,
x PLUS 2 OVER 4 EQUALS 3
PLUS 3--
MINUS--
DAMN IT, ALEX, DO YOU MIND?
WE'RE DOING SOMETHING
IMPORTANT HERE.
(chuckles)
OKAY...
ONCE MORE FROM THE TIPPY,
LIKE NOBODY'S WATCHING.
FIVE, SIX, SEVEN, EIGHT.
ONE, TWO...